Unique Organizations

Name: The Community First Foundation
ID: ORG_COMFFO
Kind: Fund-Raising Group
History: 
Founded in 1975 as a Lutheran Medical Center foundation to serve as a fund-raising section of the Medical Center a non-profit hospital.
In mid-90's it participated in a two-year study to give a voice to the community when it came to health care and community programs and services.
1997 became part of a nonprofit health care system and changed their name to LMC Community Foundation.
In 2007 changed their name to the Community First Foundation to reflect new mission as a community foundation to improve quality of life in the Denver area.
Contact Information:
Phone: 720-898-5900
http://www.communityfirstfoundation.org/index.cfm
Address: 6870 West 52nd Avenue, Suite 103 Arvada, Colorado 80002 
Location: Colorado

Name: San Estaban Mining Company
ID: ORG_SEMINE
Kind: Chilean mining company dedicated to the production of copper and gold
History:
Began operations in the San Jose Mine in 1889 but the company was not officially founded until 1957 but a Hungarian immigrant named Jorge Kemeny Letay.
Became notoriously known in the mineral-rich region and has had 8 workers die while working in their mines along with a number of fines for safety breaching.
The San Jose Mine which is owned by the company was closed in 2007 when relatives of deceased workers sued the company but was reopened in 2008 even though it failed to comply with regulations.
The company has a history of ignoring warnings and worker lawsuits of unsafe working conditions and many believe that were it not for this the event could have been avoided.
Contact Information:
+56 2 223 9116
Location: Santiago, Chile

Name: Lashkar-e-Taiba
ID: ORG_LASHTA
Kind: Islamist terrorist organization
History:
It is one of the largest and most active Islamist terrorist organizations in South Asia operating mainly from Pakistan.
Founded in 1990 by Hafez Saeed, Abdullah Azzam, and Zafar Iqbal in Afghansitan's Kunar province and gained prominence as an offshoot of a previously established preaching group.
In the early 2000's several countries including the United States and the UK declared the group a terrorist organization.
Main goal has been stated to be not only the destruction of the Indian republic but to annihilate Hinduism and Judaism throughout South Asia.
Is known for target military and civilian targets with the most notable events  being the 2001 Indian Parliament attack and the 2008 Mumbai attacks.
After the 2008 Mumbai attacks Pakistan was pressured by the US and India to launch operations against the group and while they have clamped down on the group it is suspected by many that they continue to support the group.
Contact Information:
Probably don't want to contact these guys
Location: Pakistan


Name: Pakistan ISI
Kind:
History:
Contact Information:

Name: Fundamentalist Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints
Kind:
History:
Contact Information:
